Now that I've got these skills, gotta put em to the test
If I never even step up I'm never gonna be the best
I feel my heart pounding, it's drumming in my chest
Can't sleep, never even rest...
I was able to bet it all cause I didn't have a lot to lose
I had to go all in; never really got to choose
I proved that I was worthy; I hadda pay my dues
got weapons that I still haven't used.
I've got truth that I gotta hide, secrets I never spoke
I got a sense of humor, but with some things I never joke
I know my course, if I could even see it through the smoke
I been bruised. Never been broke.
I know folks who bank on how quick they can pull a gun
And others who swear by how many miles they can run 
Maybe you got an edge, but when everything's said and done 
They fade into the West like the sun....

Wanna make it in Aldea, you better have the stuff
It's forbidden for a reason, even if you think you're tough
Gotta back it up with luck, the land is gonna call your bluff
Get your hands dirty, roll back your cuffs
In the heart of Crown City, you can't even see the sky
Canals of North Town, you never really feel dry
go west; you'll get rich if you don't die
Jump off a cliff. Maybe you'll fly.
I've had my hopes crumble, like a little piece of chalk
I've had to run in places where most never even walk
Looked a glyph hound in the face, brain stopped like a clock
Killed a man. No choice. Rolled him off the dock.
They once taught me magic; still know a couple glyphs 
I once learned piano; can still play a couple riffs
Know my way around Venetonne; been on a couple trips
Mask ain't perfect. Sometimes it slips.

You're gonna have to wait a couple chapters if you wanna get another verse
I'm improvising my part, it's never been rehearsed
I'm'a mend what is broken; I'm gonna break a curse
But that comes last; first things first.

Father, you told me you were born to sit upon a throne
You failed, and I was taken from the only life I'd ever known
To wipe away the treachery that was written in my bones
New family, new name, new home.
I had everything that I could want; all I could ever need
Every dress that I could wear; every book that I could read
They was trying to tame me, but I'm a beast of another breed
Run wild in your garden like a weed.
Crossed the ocean as a sailor, looking out from the mast
Keep both eyes open for where you were seen last
I'll forge my own future by digging down into the past
Search the world, be it ever so vast.
When I find you, father, I'll look into your hollow eyes
And remember the years I spent praying to an empty sky
You never had a fair chance but I know that you had to try
All of us are born just to die.
