I only make fake....
...records.
I only make fake (fake fake fake fake fake fake fake) records.

     ...man,
don't even ask why I'd ever choose to rhyme
it just happened: it was a confusing time.
Hip-hop is a rope you can use to climb
or else hang yourself: it's your dime.
Take your time, buddy, call the shot, you better
fall in line or else you're fallin' off, I'm
not really here to give it all I got, I'm
just showin' you the big brass balls I got, I snap
your head back like I'm eatin' Pez,
fuck Simon — do what Alan says
I ain't fuck around, just fuck with your heads,
and when I rip a rhyme yo I rip it to shreds, not
dead prez; just a crazy goof, no
rizz but I got some amazing suits
spit game; until my game improve
fake records; but there's a grain of truth

I ain't tryna steal, I'm tryna invent...
...cause nerdcore hip-hop came and went.

Hip to the style, I pile onto the subway car
Hop off before I go too far,
Hip-checking every sumbitch who get in my way,
Hop to it when the music play, I shoot from the
Hip, still gunnin everyone in the head
Hopscotch through a blizzard of lead
Hipster, I did this shit before it was cool
And if the beat is too hot, hop in the pool

My records all fake, but it's true that I'm stackin' papes
in Vanguard, I invest my stake
Place your bets; I make money off the rake
Goin' all in? Big mistake.
I'm goin' all out, I keep it crunk up
Punk steps up, I'm beatin' a punk up
Outflank every manuever they thunk up
Runnin a circle around these dumbfucks, it's
dumb luck if they even land a hit, I'm on the
next level just sayin random shit, I spit
fire, they don't even keep a candle lit, 
and if there's an exception I'm'a handle it
All I gotta do is throw a dart at the wall and then
luck'll guide me right into the heart of the brawl, up
fifty points, ain't even started to ball, because
I do it just a little bit harder than y'all

Wherever I'm at, that's the place to be...
...only one I'm doin' this shit for is me.

Hypocrite heads crack when they hit the real
I'm watchin the ops bunny-hop through the fields, get some
meat on your hips, you been skippin some meals, a
Hop, skip, and a jump to get to something you feel
Hippocrates said first, do no harm, fuck
that, I'm a hoplite, take up arms,
gladius at my hip; take aim and then
Hop up on stage and detonate your brain

My records fake as shit, and I know
that I got a nerd voice and a corny flow
"That fake shit gots to go", but not me,
At a glance you can see I got room to grow
or maybe blow up; if I explode, it's
because I stole the presidential nuclear codes
I'm just in a different mode, and I ain't
leavin' nothing in the magazine when I unload, forget
Drake — I started at the top, I'm the gelato
that you make from the cream of the crop!
Workin on a new joint, and when it drop,
you'll be like, "yo, that shit slaps, that's a bop".
...my foundation is well endowed
I'm true to myself, I don't play to the crowd
If I get through the verse I got a right to be proud
and even if I fuck up, I'm doin' it loud.

I came this far, there ain't no turning back...
...burning down the house, that's my plan of attack

Hypnotic rockin lock down the beat, man
when I get down, hop up out your seat
hips don't lie and neither do feet
get the joint jumpin', hop to the street
East coast, hip-hop's home, we the best, like
Hopalong Cassidy, take over the west with a
Judo hip-throw, grounded palm strike, got
hops, like Jordan, slam-dunk the mic


