Catastrophe! Hit the deck, brace yourself
For badassetry! The way it is is just the way
it has to be! Dissin' me is tantamount
To blasphemy! Sheer bastardry! My
Audacity is reproachless, focus
On the style so hot, You hold it with roach clips
Future historians will wonder who wrote this
Claimin' no mortal man could channel the dopeness
Suckas is hopeless, that's why they're suckas
Destined to incessantly be dumb mothafuckas
Doin it to the death, and when you think there ain't none
Left, I bring it to you like long-haul truckers
Jam like Smuckers, got a bowl full of jelly, step up,
I'll have you wearin' more band-aids than Nelly
Always get the perfect parking space like Telly
Savalas, in Kojak, Lojack in your celly

So I know your movements, I wonder why
You never show improvement, you just blunder by
I know your movements, I wonder why
You never show improvement

Unthinkable! My blood, given for you,
Is undrinkable! I transubstantiated
From Scotch to gin, got lots of sin
But the charges against me are unsubstantiated
Don't bring 'em up -- leave your cars in my lot
I ding 'em up -- Masonic hand signs
I fling 'em up -- so I get mad dap from
Corrupted congressmen when I ring 'em up.
I jump up and bust to rupture your structure
Fucked your mom, she said I was the bomb
...every year now she sends me a Christmas card
So why you actin' like your shit is hard?
Only way your shit's hard is you're constipated
It's not complicated, I thank God I made it
I played it, I played it, I played it out
But still I made it, I made it, I made it out.
(static noise) You faded out -- psyche, I hung up
I hit Stop before your CD even spun up
Fuck the B-sides, I'll wait for the Best Of
But even my average sounds like the best stuff
I'm messed up, like Dali on shrooms
Sweepin' out old-ass dust with new brooms
I write like searchlights piercin' through gloom
Drop your guard your next stop's a tomb

So I know your movements, I wonder why
You never show improvement, you just blunder by
I know your movements, I wonder why
You never show improvement

I'm mackadocious, stylistically precocious
In the center of the field of focus
I might be explosive or just atrocious
...am I hype? yo, perish the notion
I'm poachin' those who roam the blacktop
If they get a notion to backtalk, I'm'a
Roll up like black ops, get your hat popped
Been writin' since Will Smith had a flat-top, back
off me, I'm hot like black coffee, softly
Run shit like Moamar Quadafi
I scoff if you try to stop me
Cause I know, when I put a CD out you'll cop three, if you throw down,
You'll find I'm the flow, you're the ebb
I'm Wolfgang Puck, y'all George Webb
You're lucky you're not laid out on the floor yet
I'm soarin' above all, you're just a sorehead
You a Thundercats HOOOO, I'm steady screamin' "Yo Joe!"
Roadblock, gunnin' down Panthro
By the power of Grayskull, I'm here to reward the faithful
All my objects are stateful, by
any definition I'm a nerd, but on
The mike I explode like a dream deferred
You talk a good game, but it's all talk
You better come back when your balls drop.

I know your movements, I wonder why
You never show improvement, you just blunder by
I know your movements, I wonder why
You never show improvement, you just blunder by

I'm givin' you the best that I got,
Cause nothin' else is hot.
